README.md, before:

# Vimius [![Build Status](http://travis-ci.org/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby.png)](http://travis-ci.org/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby) [![Still Maintained](http://stillmaintained.com/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby.png)](http://stillmaintained.com/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby)

[![Click here to lend your support to: Open Source Projects and make a donation at www.pledgie.com!](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/16123.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/16123)

## Introduction

TODO

## Features

TODO

## Getting Started

### Installation

```bash
$ gem install vimius
```

### Usage

TODO


## Contributing

Please feel free to fork and send pull requests, but please follow the
following guidelines:

- Prefix each commit message with the filename or the module followed by a
  colon and a space, for example 'README: fix a typo' or 'Server/Project: Fix
  a typo'.
- Include tests.
- __Do not change the version__, We will take care of that.

## Contact

For bugs and feature request, please use __Github issues__, for other
requests, you may use:

- [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/vimius)
- [Github private message](https://github.com/inbox/new/eMxyzptlk)
- Email: [contact@technogate.fr](mailto:contact@technogate.fr)

Don't forget to follow me on [Github](https://github.com/eMxyzptlk) and
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/eMxyzptlk) for news and updates.

## Credits

Vimius is based on [Carlhuda's Janus
distribution](https://github.com/carlhuda/janus) on their [Experimental
branch](https://github.com/carlhuda/janus/tree/experimental)

## License

### This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2011 TechnoGate &lt;support@technogate.fr&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Readme: Added a note about Janus experimental branch

README.md, after:

# Vimius [![Build Status](http://travis-ci.org/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby.png)](http://travis-ci.org/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby) [![Still Maintained](http://stillmaintained.com/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby.png)](http://stillmaintained.com/TechnoGate/vimius-ruby)

[![Click here to lend your support to: Open Source Projects and make a donation at www.pledgie.com!](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/16123.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/16123)

## Vim Distribution has Moved

If you are looking for Vimius, the vim distribution, it has been merged
into Janus, for now it has been merged in the
[**experimental**](https://github.com/carlhuda/janus/tree/experimental)
branch.

## Introduction

TODO

## Features

TODO

## Getting Started

### Installation

```bash
$ gem install vimius
```

### Usage

TODO


## Contributing

Please feel free to fork and send pull requests, but please follow the
following guidelines:

- Prefix each commit message with the filename or the module followed by a
  colon and a space, for example 'README: fix a typo' or 'Server/Project: Fix
  a typo'.
- Include tests.
- __Do not change the version__, We will take care of that.

## Contact

For bugs and feature request, please use __Github issues__, for other
requests, you may use:

- [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/vimius)
- [Github private message](https://github.com/inbox/new/eMxyzptlk)
- Email: [contact@technogate.fr](mailto:contact@technogate.fr)

Don't forget to follow me on [Github](https://github.com/eMxyzptlk) and
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/eMxyzptlk) for news and updates.

## Credits

Vimius is based on [Carlhuda's Janus
distribution](https://github.com/carlhuda/janus) on their [Experimental
branch](https://github.com/carlhuda/janus/tree/experimental)

## License

### This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2011 TechnoGate &lt;support@technogate.fr&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
